Update members list and add heading for Performance Points Maintainers on `People/Performance_Points_Committee` (#12700)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/Performance_Points_Committee/en.md

- Deciding which changes will be deployed and used in the game
- Assisting the [Performance Points Maintainers](#performance-points-maintainers) with writing news posts for newly deployed changes

## Workflow

When a new difficulty calculation change is proposed on [GitHub](https://github.com/ppy/osu), the Performance Points Committee members responsible for the relevant [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode) are requested to review it. Those committee members then review and test the proposal and write feedback on its GitHub page. If the committee ultimately approves of the changes, the proposal will be passed on to the Performance Points Maintainers for final inspection before it is merged into the game.

## Communication

The Performance Points Committee mainly operates in the [Performance Points Discord server](https://discord.gg/aqPCnXu), with some game modes also having [separate servers](/wiki/Community/Discord_servers#community-development). The committee also maintains a [Twitter account](https://x.com/pp_committee) used for official announcements and difficulty calculation related news.

## Performance Points Maintainers

> The maintainers are hand-picked by osu! developers and consist of people with a lot of experience organising performance points efforts. They are responsible for writing newsposts, merging batches of changes into the `pp-dev` branch on the osu! repository and acting as a final approval on all PP changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maintainers are hand-picked by osu! developers and consist of people with a lot of experience organising performance points efforts. They are responsible for writing news posts, merging batches of changes into the [`pp-dev`](https://github.com/ppy/osu/tree/pp-dev) branch on the [osu! repository](https://github.com/ppy/osu) and acting as a final approval on all PP changes.
```
